feat: use docker commands for stack handling (DEV-1530) (#261)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/index.md

# DSP-TOOLS documentation

> DSP-TOOLS is a Python package with a command line tool that helps you to interact with a DaSCH Service Platform (DSP) 

Reviewer: same as above, I don't repeat it here

server. The DSP server you interact with can be on a remote server, or on your local machine. The two main tasks 
that DSP-TOOLS serves for are:

**Create a project with its data model(s), described in a JSON file, on a DSP server**  
In order to archive your data on the DaSCH Service Platform, you need a data model that describes your data.
The data model is defined in a JSON project definition file which has to be transmitted to the DSP server. If the DSP 
server is aware of the data model for your project, conforming data can be uploaded into the DSP repository.

**Upload data, described in an XML file, to a DSP server that has a project with a matching data model**  

> Often, data is initially added in large quantities. Therefore, DSP-TOOLS allows you to perform bulk imports of your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes, data is added in large quantities. Therefore, DSP-TOOLS allows you to perform bulk imports of your
```

- [`dsp-tools id2iri`](./dsp-tools-usage.md#replace-internal-ids-with-iris-in-xml-file)
  takes an XML file for bulk data import and replaces referenced internal IDs with IRIs. The mapping has to be provided
  with a JSON file.
- [`dsp-tools start-stack / stop-stack`](./dsp-tools-usage.md#start-a-dsp-stack-on-your-local-machine)

>   assist you in running a DSP software stack on your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  assist you in running a DSP stack on your local machine.
```
